[Music]
Today, at this sacred crematorium,
we humbly ask the Buddha to protect
us, to help us become the people of
ancient times, in the sorrow of
losing our
daily refuge. Every year, we have the opportunity to see the
Buddha. We have only lost one loved one, a
loved one who may
not have benefited us, yet
we feel immense sorrow.
If we were the people of ancient times,
or in other realms at that time,
we would surely not be able to bear it. We humbly beseech the
Buddha, relying on the Buddha's
compassion, to allow
us to
feel
[music] the
Buddha's
presence, to feel our emotions
during the cremation ceremony,
so that we may have
lasting benefit and happiness, and be diligent
on the path to enlightenment.
[Music]
Namo Buddha Shakyamuni.
We respectfully address
our compassionate Father, our benevolent Father, the benevolent Father of all
beings, as we come
here to this crematorium, which
we only
know through contemplation.  Our younger siblings,
we, the disciples,
here, the great fire of
meditation has burned,
so the golden body of the Tathagata, composed of the four elements, is
no longer complete with the 32
auspicious marks and 80 beautiful features in
this world for us to venerate.
Only relics remain.
We
go to the waterfall, feeling
truly
pained. We are in pain because we lack the karmic
merit and blessings to have the
opportunity to behold the
32 auspicious marks and 80 beautiful features of the
Tathagata. We did not hear the words "How wonderful!" with our own ears, nor did we
hear the teachings from the Tathagata's own golden mouth.
Perhaps it is due to many lifetimes of
evil and unwholesome karma that we lacked the
karmic merit to behold the Tathagata
here. The people of Kushinagara, the gods, and
all beings have come here to
witness this. We think
that if we were reborn in
Kushinagara,
we would certainly not be able to bear it. We
promise the
Buddha that we will diligently practice the Buddha's teachings.
Before the Buddha's Nirvana,
we ask the Buddha to witness and bless
our
diligence. Today, we follow...
We, the people of the
Kṣitigarbha, and from our own hearts,
offer these flowers, contemplating
that in offering them as a tribute to the Buddha's body,
we pray for
this small merit. With reverence and longing, we hope that the
Buddha will always protect and guide us on our
path of
cultivation, so that we may always be supported by the Buddha in our evil karma and karmic connections. We humbly beseech the
Buddha, the
father of all beings, to witness and
accept our offerings, just as in
the past, when the Buddha attained Nirvana, he
accepted the offerings of gods, humans, and all
beings. The Buddha provided
boundless merit and karmic connections to gods, humans, ghosts, and spirits.
We ask the Buddha to
witness and accept our offerings.
Holding fragrant flowers in our hands,
we offer them
with sincere hearts,
bowing our heads in reverence to the Buddha. We contemplate that
in this kalpa of time, the Buddha, in his
incarnation, sought
the path to liberation from suffering for all beings.
[Music] We pray for the
Buddha's compassion, and we entrust this to the Buddha's benefit.
The father, unlike other people, works in the fields of
Phuoc Dien, bringing prosperity and happiness to all living beings.
[Music]
I